ToDo:

11a. Put some basic furniture in floorplan

27. Add waveform in sound list, variable len
30. Tag the event in the waveform (but umm, say loud?)

Low priority:
23. Send the waveform initial data on handshake...
7.a Read Jon's slides.
16. Logging client interactions.
17. Times should be coordinated by server. Also, just have one variable in server that is sent across data client (e.g. lengthOfGapInSec, numberOfSamplesPerSec)

Maybes: 
14. Maybe use one socket for all 3 web client for second deployment once you know that all 3 are required...

21. Server should send data client names and number of data clients to web clients  during handshake, and web clients should configure accordingly (eg. waveform should automatically add or remove number of waveforms, floorplan should adjust views and add names) [Tried but there's lot more failproofs needed for this]. 
24. Basically sever should store state and client just visualizes that state.
31. Maybe in floorplan, 50ms is too fast, reduce to 500ms, and then update... (if it looks jerky with 28).
32. Send separate emit to different sockets (floorplan, waveform etc.) based on timing, data requirements etc. etc.

Done: 
1. Floorplan backend: Server recognizes high, med, low, blank. (very basic - heuristic)
2. Fix soundlist: remove search, convert sound -> loudness, location whatever
3. Test with tablet -- basically two systems
4. Logging - Data client id (location), timestamp, loudnessLevel, and duration (just like sound list). And client disconnect, connect events.
5. Implementing "duration" of high, med, low in server  (+ log) and in list view
6. Change waveform... (use data from python and some d3 generating library..)
7. Reading Jon's slides, web codes,implement sound event recognition well.
8. Fix and test backend (it sometimes stops updating for some reason... maybe have one web client connection instead of 3? or maybe not?). do noise filtering as well
9. Zoom using css zoom and touchscreen.. (no scroll, for now can also just switch for Jon)
10. Screen bars (delimiters) sould be 1px grey. Soundlist column width adjust to look better.
11b. and use circles instead of boxes in floorplan.  
12. Adjust y-axis scales on waveform so that all waveforms have common values. Also make sure if max-data is less than say 0.1, just make everything 0.1 and increase scale to 1 or something.
15. For soundlist, figure out a way to display past missed data as well. (Ooooh!)
18. Sometimes the console gets stuck and control C runs the process. (Because of having child.stdout.on everytime the socket.on is connected)
19. Seting low, high med values.
20. Waveform update error fix.
22. Move graph titles to inside the graph
25. Y axis fixed
26. Remove white space
28. Add circles in floorplan for past history 
29. Animation interpolation in floor-plan
31. Show past 30 seconds in the waveform. 


REMEMBER: IF YOU CHANGE UPDATE TIME, YOU HAVE TO CHANCE SERVER AND WAVEFORM. AND "RESTART EVERYTHING"

ALSO REMEMBER: FOR TABLETS, ALLOW CHROME TO TAKE MORE CPU.


Testing:

1. Server off for a long time (4hr 45mins). But data client and web-waveform client was on. Both connected successfully on server back up!
2. Server running, all web clients and 1 data client disconnected and connected several times, no problems!
3. 6 connections from mobile and chrome on desktop. Not a problem!
4. Short time disconnecting, connecting with all 3 web clients and 1 data client. Not a problem.

#5. Pilot test with home... (2-5 data clients, 6-15 web sockets).
#Problem: Web client connects to server again, data is really fast... (which spoils with timing).. Something wrong from the data client side... it starts sending fast... (reconnecting data client solves the problem..)


Waveform performance increase in that order:
Performance increase in that order:
1. enter-update-delete
2. Then canvas. 
3. Then vega-lite. 
4. Then web-gl