ToDo: #: 44

11a. Put some basic furniture in floorplan
27. Add sparklines in sound list
34: Correct timing of events in waveform view, and make sure they don't overall. 
42. Waveform speed up

40. Variable consistency between client and server (waveform: numberOfDataPoints, animationDuration, client: lengthOfGapInSec). (times should also be coordinated by server)
44. Different visualization for duration in floorplan, perhaps a bar (as Jon discussed, though this is a low-priority)
45. Sound list view: try different time series visualization
46. Maybe a different visualization for spectrogram (although this could be done after first deployment)
47. 12hr circle should show labels in grey. no dashed lines, thicker border, grey color. Thickness can vary. Floorplan should not be black bordered. Lighter border color is better.  
48. try a color palette across waveform, floorplan circles etc. No, Red Green color blindness. 


Maybes: 
21. Server should send data client names and number of data clients to web clients  during handshake, and web clients should configure accordingly (eg. waveform should automatically add or remove number of waveforms, floorplan should adjust views and add names, soundlist should initialize tables etc.) [Tried but there's lot more failproofs needed for this]. For example, automatic generate sytlesheet rules and other things based on number of rooms using https://davidwalsh.name/add-rules-stylesheets (paricularly in floorplan)
24. (40+21) Basically sever should store state and client just visualizes that state.
31. Maybe in floorplan, 50ms is too fast, reduce to 500ms, and then update... (if it looks jerky with 28).
38: Add variable arcs (arcs showing 1 hour average data) in floorplan (based on Liang's discussion).
41. Map different frequencies to different colors: identify speech and non-speech sounds for example (200-1000 is mapped to a different color).

Done: 
1. Floorplan backend: Server recognizes high, med, low, blank. (very basic - heuristic)
2. Fix soundlist: remove search, convert sound -> loudness, location whatever
3. Test with tablet -- basically two systems
4. Logging - Data client id (location), timestamp, loudnessLevel, and duration (just like sound list). And client disconnect, connect events.
5. Implementing "duration" of high, med, low in server  (+ log) and in list view
6. Change waveform... (use data from python and some d3 generating library..)
7. Reading Jon's slides, web codes,implement sound event recognition well.
8. Fix and test backend (it sometimes stops updating for some reason... maybe have one web client connection instead of 3? or maybe not?). do noise filtering as well
9. Zoom using css zoom and touchscreen.. (no scroll, for now can also just switch for Jon)
10. Screen bars (delimiters) sould be 1px grey. Soundlist column width adjust to look better.
11b. and use circles instead of boxes in floorplan.  
12. Adjust y-axis scales on waveform so that all waveforms have common values. Also make sure if max-data is less than say 0.1, just make everything 0.1 and increase scale to 1 or something.
15. For soundlist, figure out a way to display past missed data as well. (Ooooh!)
18. Sometimes the console gets stuck and control C runs the process. (Because of having child.stdout.on everytime the socket.on is connected)
19. Seting low, high med values.
20. Waveform update error fix.
22. Move graph titles to inside the graph
23. Waveform should load all data (i.e. autofill with current state)
25. Y axis fixed
26. Remove white space
28. Add circles in floorplan for past history 
29. Animation interpolation in floor-plan
30. Tag the event in the waveform (but umm, say loud?)
32. Send separate emit to different sockets (floorplan, waveform etc.) based on timing, data requirements etc. etc.
33. Show past 30 seconds in the waveform. 
35: Add pitch in waveform view.
36. Add summary data in soundlist view.
37. Add duration in floorplan view (in progress but box shadow did not work -- tried for 4 hrs, perhaps I should try color?)
43. Duration -- box shadow should stay...

Removed: 
14. Maybe use one socket for all 3 web client for second deployment once you know that all 3 are required...






Testing:

1. Server off for a long time (4hr 45mins). But data client and web-waveform client was on. Both connected successfully on server back up!
2. Server running, all web clients and 1 data client disconnected and connected several times, no problems!
3. 6 connections from mobile and chrome on desktop. Not a problem!
4. Short time disconnecting, connecting with all 3 web clients and 1 data client. Not a problem.

#5. Pilot test with home... (2-5 data clients, 6-15 web sockets).
#Problem: Web client connects to server again, data is really fast... (which spoils with timing).. Something wrong from the data client side... it starts sending fast... (reconnecting data client solves the problem..)


Waveform performance increase in that order:
Performance increase in that order:
1. enter-update-delete
2. Then canvas. 
3. Then vega-lite. 
4. Then web-gl

REMEMBER: IF YOU CHANGE UPDATE TIME, YOU HAVE TO CHANCE SERVER AND WAVEFORM. AND "RESTART EVERYTHING"

ALSO REMEMBER: FOR TABLETS, ALLOW CHROME TO TAKE MORE CPU.
